Imagen Documentation (#8776)
firebase/firebase-js-sdk: docs-devsite/vertexai.imagengcsimage.md

{% endcomment %}

# ImagenGCSImage interface

> An image generated by Imagen, stored in Cloud Storage (GCS) for Firebase.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An image generated by Imagen, stored in a Cloud Storage for Firebase bucket.
```

|  Property | Type | Description |
|  --- | --- | --- |

> |  [gcsURI](./vertexai.imagengcsimage.md#imagengcsimagegcsuri) | string | The URI of the file stored in a Cloud Storage (GCS) for Firestore bucket. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|  [gcsURI](./vertexai.imagengcsimage.md#imagengcsimagegcsuri) | string | The URI of the file stored in a Cloud Storage for Firebase bucket. |
```

|  [mimeType](./vertexai.imagengcsimage.md#imagengcsimagemimetype) | string | The MIME type of the image; either <code>&quot;image/png&quot;</code> or <code>&quot;image/jpeg&quot;</code>.<!-- -->To request a different format, set the <code>imageFormat</code> property in your <code>[ImagenGenerationConfig](./vertexai.imagengenerationconfig.md#imagengenerationconfig_interface)</code>. |

## ImagenGCSImage.gcsURI

> The URI of the file stored in a Cloud Storage (GCS) for Firestore bucket.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The URI of the file stored in a Cloud Storage for Firebase bucket.
```

|  Property | Type | Description |
|  --- | --- | --- |

> |  [gcsURI](./vertexai.imagengcsimage.md#imagengcsimagegcsuri) | string | <b><i>(BETA)</i></b> The URI of the file in Cloud Storage (GCS) for Firestore. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|  [gcsURI](./vertexai.imagengcsimage.md#imagengcsimagegcsuri) | string | <b><i>(BETA)</i></b> The URI of the file in Cloud Storage for Firebase. |
```
